I'm drawn am i knocking on the CU 3 flip
all right the trace look get on the
three tricks sorry my language so you
want to set up like right about here
middle middle of the words like mid work
once you get back you can start moving
it up here like nmnm does and I do like
right here for now just cause that's
just feel comfortable to me and I'm like
for 10 or something in my back foot it
goes right here with a concave starts I
don't know live start doing it like
yesterday I guess my three flips good oh
just roll your foot out you don't even
really have a flickr next race will just
have to throw it do this
some common problems in the tray like
Christians just learning them and he
already gets them the rotation the
rotation looks like mellow floor so sexy
but thank you like some common problems
of the street books is this so you're
not committing just commit and you'll
get a three flip some other common
problems is anyway that my Christian
doesn't burial heels yeah like how I
laid my first once a day like this yeah
if any B's not even not even he'll touch
either you just like this yeah that
counted it in the game state cuz I would
you like that so it's Kristin so another
common problems like what i heard that
cuz you're leaning in front just keeping
it on my body weight just like keep it
like in the middle of the board yeah be
relaxed don't get all tense all the way
out there right there be relaxed when
you get three wishes
yeah and that's that's how to facebook
okay so now we're going to make another
sick tip another possible featuring
Christian boy